hello everyone its Elina and today I'll
share a few guys how I take notes on my
iPad I mainly use my iPad during
lectures and I used the app notability
to take notes on it now I have the 2017
iPad and I got the biggest storage size
because I use it for all the documents
that I use in school but I also want to
sync my entire library of music and my
photo library etc and that's why I just
thought that a bigger storage would be
really useful for me now I also got the
Apple keyboard for the iPad so you can
just like clap that out and you put your
iPad on it I found this to be and that's
a great investment wouldn't really
recommend buying this one unless you're
really thinking about typing on it but I
don't really think this keyboard is that
great I think there are better options
out there for less money so yeah well I
got it and I don't really like it that
much
and to be honest I actually stopped
taking it off and just using this case
so you can just slip your iPad in and
then you can put your Apple pencil and
up here and I found that more useful
because I just really don't need to
keyboard because I don't really like
typing on the keyboard it's not as
natural for typing on a keyboard as it
is on a computer and so I really prefer
using my laptop for writing out essays
etc and I just used this one for taking
notes okay now let me show you guys how
I take notes on my iPad and I'm gonna
switch the screen recording because I
couldn't really put this with my normal
camera because the lighting so yeah I'm
going to show you guys now how I set up
my app and how I organized all my notes
when you open up notability you see all
your notes here and this is just kind of
messy because notes from all your
subjects are together and for me this is
not really convenient so what I prefer
to do is I prefer to categorize I have
two folders here one for my induction
week where we had a few things that the
college made us do in order to prepare
ourselves for the course but those
aren't things I need now anymore so I
just usually keep that folder closed but
really important for me is my first year
folder where I have my five subjects
that I'm currently doing and all of the
things that I have for them and
notability now as for example just take
criminal law and here you can see all my
lecture handouts and my readings and
then a few supervision handouts I don't
always put my supervision handouts on
notability just sometimes
I want to annotate it then I just find
it useful to have a dare and what are
you to do is I give my lecture handouts
and number it's one two three four five
and so on so that they all appear first
and there to build a team and they're
all together they are the numbered ones
and then I take all my readings and I
always put the word reading before it so
that they all get put together because
notability puts your number of things
first and then it goes by alphabetical
order so if you start old fees out with
the word reading they're all going to be
put together and that's why also for
every supervision handout I basically
name it almost the same the only
difference being the number so but it
also gets put together and then I can
just find it more easily but really my
main purpose for using notability is
that were annotating readings when it
really long complicated or then using it
for lecture handouts and I mainly use
this finger lectures I don't think I've
really um used paper in lectures at any
time I have used my computer once
because one lecture just make you write
down a lot of things and I thought it
was faster to use my laptop but that was
the only exception so that's for example
take this lecture handout on homicide
now usually our lecture handouts aren't
as spaced out as this one so I usually
add spaces like especially here between
cases because then I can just write down
more about the facts of the case so what
I do is I download the handout from our
virtual learning platform and then I
just add spaces to it in word find this
really really useful sometimes you
generally need more space because the
lecture handout is just quite
comprehensive but often you do need it
so I just find that a really useful tip
now what I do is I always use this
purple color to highlight my things that
you know are just important from this
lecture handout but then I also use
green for cases because I find it really
useful if you have a different color to
mark out your cases especially in law
because then you can just easily see
okay this is the case so what are the
facts of that case what was you know
what what's decided how it's important
for what I'm studying and then I always
write down things in grey so great it's
just anything that the lecturer says
it's important that's related to the
topic that you know I just wish had been
on the like
not already basically but then I also
use a few other colors let's see here we
go so I use a lot of pink on my lecture
handouts as well and pink is my faults
where I'm like oh wait okay I can
connect this through something else or I
remember that somebody said this about
this and I just want to make sure that I
have this on my lecture handout like
those are usually fobs that just come to
me and I just want to make sure that I
write them down and then I also use blue
sometimes now blue is a little bit like
pink it's also about false but it's
usually something to lecture I mentioned
it's more like a side thing that's not
in highly important but like it can help
to you know connect dots at times and so
I like to write down some things which
are interesting or here we go sometimes
a lot of things like for example here we
had a longer discussion about like a
particular aspect of the case and those
are like some side thoughts because
mainly you need to know what was decided
in the case but I found this discussion
really helpful and then I sometimes use
other colors like here you can see I
used a lot of colors I used purple I
used some darker red and even some green
and that's done often because I just
don't have enough space to only work
with my gray because it would just get
really messy so then I like to use
different colors to just you know make
sure that I don't get confused wear that
you know scribble belongs to them so
sometimes s can help but the only colors
which have real meaning here are gray
the blue and the pink and those are the
only ones that I use for writing and for
highlighting I use my purple and my
green and that's it and this just helps
me to keep things really really easy and
to make sure that I know what my notes
mean so I could print this out now and I
would exactly know if something is
highlighted in green it's a case if
there's something written in pink it's
my own fault and if there's something
written in blue it's a fault of the
lecture probably and like some side
discussion that is not the most
important aspect but it can be helpful
to study him and this just helps me to
go for all my lecture notes because
they're all organized the same way and
by that way it's just much clearer what
you're doing so you can see I just write
down using you like things about the
facts of the cases or when the lectures
something that's important in food and
that's pretty much all I'm doing during
lectures I just try to listen and
whenever there's something that isn't on
the handout where I think I would need
this in order to understand the lecture
handout I write it down and here you can
see I was so highlighted things in blue
now my blue highlighting is further
reading I just highlight that in order
to when I print it out see oh wait there
is something pointed out that you could
read on this so that I don't you know
accidentally trip over it but that's not
something that you know I need to look
at like during the lecture itself and
usually I highlight these things in
advance when I go for my lecture handout
and space it now when I do readings it's
a little bit different because usually I
just highlight and that's pretty much it
now visit for example a case and here
you can see like here this we can skip
this is a quite long case and then he is
like some highlighting and usually
that's about it like sometimes I do make
notes on the side usually in gray and
that's it
but the highlighting just helps me to
when I go for it again see okay those
sort of things that were important about
this case but that's about it like I
wouldn't really you know make a lot of
notes on my readings because I do take
notes on my readings and so it's not
important for me to take notes on in
notability I just find that rather
inconvenient because you don't really
want to go through 50 pages of reading
to like find all you knows that you
scribbled on the sidelines
so rather I would write up a good
summary of the reading and I find that
just much more useful now for my
supervision handouts I usually only put
them to notability in order to get an
overview of how much I've gotten done so
I just download the entire thing and
then for example here I just go in and
look at the overview things and then I
make a gray tick when I have to reading
so I don't necessarily have done it yet
but I have it so I can you know start at
any time because very often in
university you get told oh Dube is
reading but you don't necessarily have
to book anything so you might need to go
to the library check it out and that's
what I have to use gray ticks for and
then I always draw two boxes first box
is I read this second box is I took
service normally I wouldn't take notes
on textbooks and stuff in this case I
did because it was a quite hot topic and
I found that taking notes in that
textbook really helped me for this one
normally I wouldn't do this now but I
always have the two boxes just to show
me did I read this and did I take notes
of it and I find this really really
useful the other reason I sometimes put
my supervision heads into nurse ability
is that I use it to analyze problem
questions now here for example is a
problem question now in the box is the
entire scenario that was mapped out and
I just wrote down a lot of stuff in
different colors to help me down
structure my answer and this probably
looks super super messy to anyone who
like is it me because I just knew like
what I wanted to achieve the different
colors but for me this really helps when
you have a problem question because here
you just have an infinite amount of
colors and you know you can just go
through this and underline any color and
write down stuff and I find this pretty
helpful when you know thinking about
different aspects of a problem question
obviously this is not enough to then
structure your response to a problem
question but I think it's a great start
for just mapping out your thoughts and
that's why I usually when it's written
work import the supervision handout into
notability and then I just write down a
few notes on it and then later on I
write my outline now sometimes I also
use slides so let's go to animal rights
law so I can show you guys how that
looks and usually I just get the slides
from the ritual learning platform and
then what I do is I just highlight with
my usual color coding very often
lectures don't have slides so I can't do
it anyway but if they do have slides
then I do like to use them if they are
more comprehensive than the lecture
handout and then I basically just treat
it like a lecture handout and you can
see I also use green for legislation
because we don't talk a lot about
different legislations it's mostly cases
and since we use the cases for the
different rules that were established in
them
I find it appropriate to also use the
green for legislation and you can see
here it's really the same way of
organizing the know it's the same color
coding and here again when I don't think
it's enough to just use grey then here I
had free colors just to make it more
easier for me to see what I was doing
and that's just how I treat slides when
I used
I don't use them a lot because I just
find it the less easy go through them
again but I do find it something is more
helpful and lecture handout depending on
who's the lecturer and yeah that's how I
organize all my notes of notability I
found that super super useful I know
there's another one out there called
good meds I haven't tried good notes so
I don't really know how they compare
I just straight-up went with notability
and so far I've been very very happy
with the app I also have the app on my
macbook so I can access all my notes
when I'm working on my laptop as well I
find that really really useful but you
don't really need it you could export
all your notes as PDFs and then you have
it as well but personally I'm just you
know a little bit too lazy to do that
extra step and I just prefer to have it
all you know organized the same way on
my laptop as well I do have to say that
I'm not a completely paperless student I
did really try my best to get there but
it doesn't really where I came which
doesn't really allow you now especially
because from extra one with we have to
write all our essays by hand and it
doesn't count as written by hand if you
write it on notability so you can't
really go entirely paperless at
Cambridge or at least not as a law
student in my college but I did try to
reduce my paper as much as possible and
I think notability really helped me do
that and yeah that's really you know
what helps me most which the studio
taking notes during lecture is that in
class if you guys want some more tips on
effective note-taking and how to
organize your notes I wrote an entire
blog article on that and you can find
the link for it in the info box
thank you guys so much for watching have
a nice day bye